# ACE ZERO

This is the code for acezero a prototype multi-agent simulation environment for
research purposes.

You can run it as follows:

    > python ace_zero.py

Documentation can be found in:

    docs/_build/index.html

## Versions

# Version 0.9
- Tagged `VERSION_0_9`
- Fixed bug in sensor model which kept tracks after they should be lost.
- Added ability to show tracking and detection in xcombat output
- @lrbenke updated FSM agent to make it more robust.

# Version 0.8
- Tagged `VERSION_0_8`
- Added sensor model
- Updated documentation

# Version 0.7
- Tagged `VERSION_0_7`
- Added initial implementation of roll angle psi using the SetHeadingGLoad command

# Version 0.6
- Tagged `VERSION_0_6`
- Added xcombat output ability (history runs are generated in runs directory) 

# Version 0.5
- Tagged `VERSION_0_5`
- Merged `decouple_agent_types` branch into default branch.
- Modified simulation.py to load agent classes by name; removed references to specific agent types.
- Updated scenario files to use agent class paths.
- Refactored diff game agent to remove blue_initial and red_initial paths from park agent init to match the new standard agent interface. These are now read from the agent parameters files.
- Moved goal agent into its own package. Extracted goal agent from simulation.py. Added scenario and agent params files temporarily to distinguish between viper and cobra missions (now in pilot.py).
- Moved agent packages under new 'agents' package, updated scenarios.

# Version 0.4
- Tagged `VERSION_0_4`
- Merged `control_parameters` branch into default branch.
- This took away some of the magic numbers in the flight dynamics model and put them in the data/json files.
- Added checks to stern conversion agent to react to changes in threat behaviour.

# Version 0.3
- Tagged `VERSION_0_3`
- Incorporated Miquel's changes, including the implementation of the Park Differential Game Agent.
- Included Miquel's changes to specify the type of agent on the command line and the specification of a scenario file.
- Regenerated documentation with these new changes.

# Version 0.2
- Tagged `VERSION_0_2`
- Incorporated Lyndon's FSM agent which lives in `fsm_agent`
- Modified `simulation.py` to allow the either the GOAL agent or the FSM agent to be called.
- Merged generation of Sphinx documentation

# Initial Version 0.1
- Tagged `VERSION_0_1`
- Initial Commit


## Branches

### Documentation Branch
- Created a docs branch to add sphinx autogenerated repository
- You can find the html docs in `docs/_build/index.html`
- There are still some minor fixes before I merge this branch into default
- This has now been merged into the default branch

# Version 0.3
- Tagged `VERSION_0_3`
- Incorporated Miquel's changes, including the implementation of the Park Differential Game Agent.
- Included Miquel's changes to specify the type of agent on the command line and the specification of a scenario file.
- Regenerated documentation with these new changes.

# Version 0.2
- Tagged `VERSION_0_2`
- Incorporated Lyndon's FSM agent which lives in `fsm_agent`
- Modified `simulation.py` to allow the either the GOAL agent or the FSM agent to be called.
- Merged generation of Sphinx documentation

<<<<<<< HEAD
# Initial Version 0.1
- Tagged `VERSION_0_1`
- Initial Commit

## Branches

### Documentation Branch
- Created a docs branch to add sphinx autogenerated repository
- You can find the html docs in `docs/_build/index.html`
- There are still some minor fixes before I merge this branch into default
- This has now been merged into the default branch
=======
>>>>>>> origin/park_2016_stern_conversion
